Walkie-Talkie has two components:
1) Half-duplex communication and
2) Burst molding

Cell sequence is converted into BURST SEQUENCES which are
then molded into burst sequences of other burst sequences to
obfuscate patterns. Client sends only when server has
satisfied all previous requests. Client server communication
is interleaved. A lot of information resides in the sequence
direction patterns of cells. This breaks all the + and -
sequences into groups of only + and only - (The reason why
it breaks the deep-fingerprinting attack.)

Burst sequences are used because they can be molded with
little overhead. Thing buying in wholesale, there's larger
margin for discount. Molding bursts is also computationally
cheaper.

Half-duplex is implementated by ADDING TWO STATES to the
browser, Walkie and Talkie. Walkie is idle state while
Talkie is loading state. Browser doesn't send any request
when any other existing connection is open.

Uses OPTIMISTIC DATA which establishes both TCP and HTTP
GET request at the same time. This is helpful to reduce
amount of padding required to confuse attacker. Optimistic
data technique is used by both Tor and Firefox using SOCKS
proxy.

Burst molding is INSPIRED FROM PANCHENKO ET AL'S DECOY.
Decoy loads two pages in parallel to confuse adversary with
100% bandwidth overhead. A sensitive page is loaded with
non-sensitive page and vice versa. If non-sensitive page is
very popular, the attacker suffers from base rate fallacy.

Burst molding simulates loading two pages by loading the
SUPERSEQUENCE of two burst sequences. Lower overhead. A
sequence s' is supersequence of s if s is contained in s'.
This idea is from Supersequence and Glove paper. Burst
molding adds padding to original burst sequence so that it
is molded into the supersequence.

Supersequence is NP-hard problem <-- Wang et al.

Method: if number of cells in burst of real page is b_i =
(b_i+, b_i-) and burst for decoy page is b'_i = (b'_i+,
b'_i-), this will send b_hat_i = (max{b_i+,b'_i+}, max{b_i-,
b'_i-}). <-- for every burst sequence.

If number of bursts in pages are different, fake bursts
consisting entirely of fake cells is added to shorter
sequence.


Advantages: Cover story. Base rate. Minimizing computation.
Minimizing client information.

The choice of decoy pages is not random, instead pages are
selected such that their burst sequences are already very
similar and overhead is minimum. Each decoy is paired with
one real page. It is a symmetric relation. Only possible
when client knows the burst sequences. Otherwise, choose
randomly.

KW
study SOCKS, CUMUL
study decoy Panchenko et al.
study kNN, Glove, Supersequence
